hello guys and welcome to my little
gameplay / commentary / review on
gangster miami vindication which is the
second gangster game on the iphone and
this is world this is pretty much GTA on
your iPhone I know they brought out
grand theft auto chinatown wars with the
older top-down direct graphics but this
is kind of as close to console graphics
GTA is you're gonna get and it's pretty
awesome so I'll go continue I have no
idea where I left off so I thought I
might be in the mid of a swamp or
something but I mean already at just the
graphics look awesome it reminds me of I
see a lot I love that game one of the
best games ever I know a lot of people
prefer um grand theft auto 3 the Liberty
City one but ah I'm a big eighties music
fan and the music in that game is
friggin awesome now I'm going to get in
this car and go for a drive there's a
few different options you have in
regards to control in the car you can
use accelerometer which if you've
watched any of my previous reviews
you'll be fully aware that I stuck with
so i'm using this little kind of joy
stick thingy what's it here we got the
comparison to GTA you've got full radio
stations in this game as you see you got
the full environments like this is a
complete see we've got here and
pedestrians walking around it's it is
pretty much I don't even want to say a
basic grand theft or because they've
shoved a lot of what was in the original
games in this
I mean it's almost hard you may
occasionally get that sometimes there's
that minor glitches but when you're
running like sayings this large and maps
this big there's going to be a few pages
and you see that the draw distance isn't
the best but still very impressive um
story what story wise I've not completed
the entire story but it seems like yeah
you're pretty generic guy turns up in
big city and needs to do stuff with
people who are after him and you know
you're kind of jazz um let's try running
somebody over and I'll take it mm-hmm I
need pedestrians well they're no
pedestrians now well I'd I just don't
look in achievement I guess I've drove
drove driven more than down that road um
all right break your paint note inches
in but yeah what was I saying um yeah so
the story line is is pretty generic what
you'd expect from this cup the world on
a cup come on come on come on come on
come on reverse so gone now
definitely cannot bear somewhat heart
yeah I dunno whether it was just me or
whether yeah you probably get used to
those controls and there is there is
going oh no damn it hang on hang out
hang out where's he going where's he
gone where's he gone did anybody see
where he went sort you then but yes I
the main hardest is pretty much what
you'd expect from like Grand Theft Auto
and he got a mini-map at the top there's
someone behind me something's happening
yes you got your choice joypad on the
left and you look around by swiping the
screen you've got your weapon selection
bit up here so I've got a few guns I use
these I forget how to shoot this yeah of
course yeah Wow got in this taxi
completely by accident but when in Rome
and that's like you can do taxi missions
as well I've not actually done any yet
so yeah just just like Grand Theft Auto
my being shot oh well find out but as
you see this this is on a yellow phone
3gs and there are no real framerate
issues at all and the graphics still
look excellent um Wow don't know what
just happened there um all in all it's
it's a it's quite an improvement on on
the first game first game was awesome as
well but it's it's a fair and
programming graphics or better you can
now ride motorbikes boats helicopters as
well you can get that's one big feature
you can can fly helicopters which is a
big things they put into pretty short of
IC which everyone raved about so that's
that's quite a significant feature um
sea air you basically go around
completing story missions
and become the big powerful big cheese
in the town get the girl everything's
fine and dandy at the end Wow massive
spoilers for anyone there who's not
actually completed this game um I'm sure
you don't mind I'll put a little spoiler
night you pretty much you expect that's
what's gonna happen anyway but yeah this
is gangster miami vindication running on
an iphone 3gs and i hope this has been
helpful once again thanks for watching
and while I try and get myself out of
this little messy corner of gamma
sovereignty um I bid you would you
goodbye thanks for watching